Add `acc.getDebugLabel` (#1473)
reach-sh/reach-lang: docs/src/frontend/index.md

Next, each address is logged so that participants can see both addresses.
This can be useful to verify that the address receiving the payment is the correct address.

---
@{ref("js", "getDebugLabel")}
```js
acc.getDebugLabel() => string
```

> Returns the label used to distinguish an account in debug logs. If no label is provided, then the first four digits of the account address will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the label used to distinguish an account in debug logs.
If no label was previously provided with `{!js} acc.setDebugLabel`, then the first four digits of the account address will be used.
```
